---
layout: post
title: "Week 10 Update"
date: 2024-07-25 00:01:00 -0000
---

### What did I do last week?

- I explored some options for hosting a database. The classes I took used MongoDB but I'm more familiar with other options
- Worked on database design sign I realized this is kind of a prerequisite for inputting any data
- Identified and resolved the build failure that caused my week 9 post not to show up on my personal website
- Otherwise, I prioritized work for one of my other classes so I could have 100% of the assignments for that class completed and have one less thing on my plate as I go into the last few weeks of this semester 

### What do you plan to do this week?

- Finishing setting up the database tables
- Get back to working on the input form

### Are there any impediments in your way?

- I'm in Canada for a race Wednesday-Monday. I will have limited time/energy for school work. I also have another class that has a lot of assignments and other work due over the next 2 weeks (some of which I've been able to work ahead on but many of the details were just released to students this past Monday).

### Reflection on the process you used last week, how can you make the process work better?

- I've been feeling very scattered and pulled in too many directions with all my responsibilities, so being able to wrap up everything for the other class and being able to decrease the amount of context switching I need to do is a huge mental lift. I still need to be efficient with my time given this trip, but I've worked hard all semester to be able to come to this race and I'm going to take some time to enjoy it.
